Chapter 6 part 1 quiz questions 
In SQL, the term TABLE refers to which concept from our Relational Model
	Ans: Relation

In SQL, the term ROW refers to which concept from our Relational Model
	Ans: Tuple

In SQL, the term COLUMN refers to which concept from our Relational model?
	Ans: Attribute

SQL does not require you to name a constraint, but it is a best practice to do so you can easily change it later.
	Ans: True

The only constraints we can put in SQL are the Key, Entity Integrity, and Referential Integrity constraints.
	Ans: True

Once we have created our tables in our database, there is no way to change the schema or the constraints of the table besides dropping the table and recreating it.
	Ans: False

Commercial DBMSs all allow for the full SQL syntax as described in the SQL Standard
	Ans: False





Chapter 6 part 2 quiz questions 

SQL allows tables to have multiple rows with the same values for each column
	Ans: True

Which of the following are a comparison operator in SQL?
	Ans: MULTIPLE SELECT
		Between
		Like
		<>

SQL can only pull data from one table at a time
	Ans: False

When you list multiple tables in the FROM clause of your SQL Select statement, the temporary table that is created combining the two tables will be...
	Ans: The cartesian product of the tables



Chapter 6 Part 3 Quiz questions

If you want to remove the entire table from the SQL Schema, you just leave out the WHERE clause on your DELETE command
	Ans: False

You can use standard arithmetic expressions in your SELECT clause to return new calculated values.
	Ans: True

You can force the table returned by a SELECT statement to be ordered by a certain column in the table
	Ans: True





Chapter 7 part 1 Quiz questions 

Which is of the following will evaluate to true?
	Ans: MULTIPLE SELECT
		4 >= ALL(1,2,3,4)
		4 <> ALL(1,2,3,5)

Which of the following will Evaluate to true?
	Ans: MULTIPLE SELECT
		4 <= ANY(1,2,3,4)
		4 > ANY(1,2,3,4)
		4 >= ANY(1,2,3,4)
		4 <> ANY(1,2,3,4)
		4 = ANY(1,2,3,4)

In order to use natural join on tables A and B…
	Ans: A and B must have a column with the exact same name for them to join on

Using JOINs in the FROM clause is more memory efficient than listing tables, but slower
	Ans: False





Chapter 7 part 2 Quiz Questions (all non true false questions are multiple select, be weary of additional answers)
	
Which clause in our SELECT statement is used to partition the returned tuples into categories?
	Ans: GROUP BY

Which clause in our SELECT statement is used to select only tuples that meet a certain condition?
	ANS: WHERE

Which clause in our SELECT statement is used to select only sub-categories that meet a certain condition?
	ANS: HAVING3

Which of the following are a component of a TRIGGER?
	Ans:	A condtion to check
		An action to take
		An event

A view is populated with data when it is created, and will not update when the data it is based on updates
	Ans: False

You can use a View in the FROM clause of a SELECT statement
	Ans: True

VIEWS can be useful for...
	ANS:	 Hiding sensitive information from users by only granting access to the view and not to the whole table
		 Representing commonly used joins to avoid repeating the join statements in multiple queries


NULL = NILL will evaluate as
	Ans: unknown





Chapter 10 Quiz Questions: Not yet available (will update when results are issued) 